NC-4187: Add Docs for turnstile pages plugin (#13120)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/functions/plugins/turnstile.md

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Turnstile
weight: 1
---

> # Turnstile Pages Plugin
> 
> Turnstile is  Cloudflare's [smart CAPTCHA alternative](/turnstile/).
> 
> The Turnstile Pages Plugin validates Cloudflare Turnstile tokens
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Turnstile Pages Plugin

[Turnstile](/turnstile/) is Cloudflare's smart CAPTCHA alternative.

The Turnstile Pages Plugin validates Cloudflare Turnstile tokens.

```

## Installation

```sh
$ npm install @cloudflare/pages-plugin-turnstile
```

## Usage

```typescript
---
filename: functions/register.ts
---

> import turnstilePlugin from "../../pages-plugins/packages/turnstile";

Reviewer 2: The path here should be changed to point to the registry right?

/**
 * POST /api/submit-with-plugin
 */

export const onRequestPost = [
		turnstilePlugin({

>       // This is the demo secret key. In prod, we recommend you store

Reviewer 2: Formatting to align with the left indent with code below

      // your secret key(s) safely.
        secret: "0x4AAAAAAASh4E5cwHGsTTePnwcPbnFru6Y",
		}),
		(async (context) => {
		  // Request has been validated as coming from a human
		  const formData = await context.request.formData()
      // Additional solve metadata data is available at context.data.turnstile
		  
		  return new Response(`Successfully verified! ${JSON.stringify(context.data.turnstile)}`)
		})
];
```

> This Plugin only exposes a single route to verify an incoming turnstile response in a POST as the `cf-turnstile-response` parameter. It will be available wherever it is mounted. In the above example, because it is mounted in `functions/register.ts`, it will validate requests to `/register`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Plugin only exposes a single route to verify an incoming Turnstile response in a `POST` as the `cf-turnstile-response` parameter. It will be available wherever it is mounted. In the example above, it is mounted in `functions/register.ts`. As a result, it will validate requests to `/register`.
```

>  The Plugin is mounted with a single object parameter with the following properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 
 The Plugin is mounted with a single object parameter with the following properties.
```

> [`secret`](https://dashboard.hcaptcha.com/settings) (mandatory) can both be found in your Turnstile dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`secret`](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login) (mandatory) can both be found in your Turnstile dashboard.
```

The Turnstile Pages Plugin validates Cloudflare Turnstile tokens.

## Installation

```sh
$ npm install @cloudflare/pages-plugin-turnstile
```

## Usage

```typescript
---
filename: functions/register.ts
---
import turnstilePlugin from "../../pages-plugins/packages/turnstile";

/**
 * POST /api/submit-with-plugin
 */

export const onRequestPost = [
		turnstilePlugin({
      // This is the demo secret key. In prod, we recommend you store
      // your secret key(s) safely.
        secret: "0x4AAAAAAASh4E5cwHGsTTePnwcPbnFru6Y",
		}),
		(async (context) => {
		  // Request has been validated as coming from a human
		  const formData = await context.request.formData()
      // Additional solve metadata data is available at context.data.turnstile
		  
		  return new Response(`Successfully verified! ${JSON.stringify(context.data.turnstile)}`)
		})
];
```

This Plugin only exposes a single route to verify an incoming Turnstile response in a `POST` as the `cf-turnstile-response` parameter. It will be available wherever it is mounted. In the example above, it is mounted in `functions/register.ts`. As a result, it will validate requests to `/register`.

>  
>  The Plugin is mounted with a single object parameter with the following properties:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 
 ## Properties
 
 The Plugin is mounted with a single object parameter with the following properties:

```

> [`secret`](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login) (mandatory) can both be found in your Turnstile dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`secret`](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login) is mandatory and can both be found in your Turnstile dashboard.
```

> `response` and `remoteip` are optional strings. `response` the turnstile token to verify (if not provided, the plugin will default to extracting `cf-turnstile-response` from a `multipart/form-data` request). `remoteip` should be requester's IP address (defaults to the `CF-Connecting-IP` header of the request).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`response` and `remoteip` are optional strings. `response` is the turnstile token to verify. If it is not provided, the plugin will default to extracting `cf-turnstile-response` from a `multipart/form-data` request). `remoteip` is the requester's IP address. This defaults to the `CF-Connecting-IP` header of the request.
```

> [`secret`](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login) (mandatory) can both be found in your Turnstile dashboard.
> 
> `response` and `remoteip` are optional strings. `response` the turnstile token to verify (if not provided, the plugin will default to extracting `cf-turnstile-response` from a `multipart/form-data` request). `remoteip` should be requester's IP address (defaults to the `CF-Connecting-IP` header of the request).
> 
> `onError` is an optional function which takes the Pages Function context object and returns a `Promise` of a `Response`. By default, it will return a human-readable error `Response`.
> 
> `context.data.turnstile` will be populated in subsequent Pages Functions (including for the `onError` function) with [the turnstile siteverify response object](/turnstile/get-started/server-side-validation/).

Reviewer: Better as a table? 

```suggestion
| Property | Required/Optional | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [`secret`](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login) | Required | The site’s secret key that can be found in your Turnstile dashboard. |
| `response` | Optional | The Turnstile token to verify (if not provided, the plugin will default to extracting `cf-turnstile-response` from a `multipart/form-data` request). |
| `remoteip` | Optional | The requester's IP address (defaults to the `CF-Connecting-IP` header of the request). |
| `onError` | Optional | A function that takes the Pages Function context object and returns a `Promise` of a `Response`. By default, it will return a human-readable error `Response`. |
| `context.data.turnstile` | --- | It is populated in subsequent Pages Functions (including for the `onError` function) with [the the Turnstile siteverify response object](/turnstile/get-started/server-side-validation/).
```

> `context.data.turnstile` will be populated in subsequent Pages Functions (including for the `onError` function) with [the turnstile siteverify response object](/turnstile/get-started/server-side-validation/).

Reviewer 3: `context.data.turnstile` is (not quite, but essentially) the return value (always present to handlers after this plugin runs if turnstile deemed it valid) whereas the others before that are parameters that are required to be provided by the user.

> `context.data.turnstile` will be populated in subsequent Pages Functions (including for the `onError` function) with [the turnstile siteverify response object](/turnstile/get-started/server-side-validation/).

Reviewer: Got it, thanks!

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Turnstile
weight: 1
---

# Turnstile Pages Plugin

[Turnstile](/turnstile/) is Cloudflare's smart CAPTCHA alternative.

The Turnstile Pages Plugin validates Cloudflare Turnstile tokens.

## Installation

```sh
$ npm install @cloudflare/pages-plugin-turnstile
```

## Usage

```typescript
---
filename: functions/register.ts
---

> import turnstilePlugin from "../../pages-plugins/packages/turnstile";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import turnstilePlugin from "@cloudflare/pages-plugin-turnstile";
```

> import turnstilePlugin from "@cloudflare/pages-plugin-turnstile";
> 
> /**
>  * POST /api/submit-with-plugin
>  */
> 
> export const onRequestPost = [
> 		turnstilePlugin({
>       // This is the demo secret key. In prod, we recommend you store
>       // your secret key(s) safely.
>         secret: "0x4AAAAAAASh4E5cwHGsTTePnwcPbnFru6Y",
> 		}),
> 		(async (context) => {
> 		  // Request has been validated as coming from a human
> 		  const formData = await context.request.formData()
>       // Additional solve metadata data is available at context.data.turnstile
> 		  
> 		  return new Response(`Successfully verified! ${JSON.stringify(context.data.turnstile)}`)
> 		})
> ];

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import turnstilePlugin from "@cloudflare/pages-plugin-turnstile";

/**
 * POST /api/submit-with-plugin
 */

export const onRequestPost = [
        turnstilePlugin({
        // This is the demo secret key. In prod, we recommend you store
        // your secret key(s) safely.
        secret: "0x4AAAAAAASh4E5cwHGsTTePnwcPbnFru6Y",
        }),
        (async (context) => {
          // Request has been validated as coming from a human
          const formData = await context.request.formData()
      // Additional solve metadata data is available at context.data.turnstile
          
          return new Response(`Successfully verified! ${JSON.stringify(context.data.turnstile)}`)
        })
];
```

```

This Plugin only exposes a single route to verify an incoming Turnstile response in a `POST` as the `cf-turnstile-response` parameter. It will be available wherever it is mounted. In the example above, it is mounted in `functions/register.ts`. As a result, it will validate requests to `/register`.
 
 ## Properties
 
 The Plugin is mounted with a single object parameter with the following properties:

[`secret`](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login) is mandatory and can both be found in your Turnstile dashboard.

> `response` and `remoteip` are optional strings. `response` is the turnstile token to verify. If it is not provided, the plugin will default to extracting `cf-turnstile-response` from a `multipart/form-data` request). `remoteip` is the requester's IP address. This defaults to the `CF-Connecting-IP` header of the request.

Reviewer 2: turnstile to Turnstile (capitalization)

> `response` and `remoteip` are optional strings. `response` is the turnstile token to verify. If it is not provided, the plugin will default to extracting `cf-turnstile-response` from a `multipart/form-data` request). `remoteip` is the requester's IP address. This defaults to the `CF-Connecting-IP` header of the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`response` and `remoteip` are optional strings. `response` is the Turnstile token to verify. If it is not provided, the plugin will default to extracting `cf-turnstile-response` from a `multipart/form-data` request). `remoteip` is the requester's IP address. This defaults to the `CF-Connecting-IP` header of the request.
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`response` and `remoteip` are optional strings. `response` is the Turnstile token to verify. If it is not provided, the plugin will default to extracting `cf-turnstile-response` value from a `multipart/form-data` request). `remoteip` is the requester's IP address. This defaults to the `CF-Connecting-IP` header of the request.
```
